hi this Bob with Gibbs RV and today
we're looking at a 1997 Avion westport
modeled 34.5 w it's a double slide 34
foot this wheel has the rear super slide
with the big windows slide in the front
where the bedroom is
I left this basement compartment open
just to dramatize the amount of storage
that you have in these you can actually
fit an entire grown male and you tied
one of these we looked around to the
other side more storage in the front and
look down the side of this too good way
a seein if the integrity of a coach is
all there
there's no delamination no ripples no
bubbles there is a compartment door
opening here and this is our our
employee map is inside there but yeah
it's just a ton of room inside this
thing big awning across the front it's
got the radial entry door with the drip
molding we like those because they don't
leak and it's the extra wide opening
here two more big windows let lots of
light inside come around to the back
side fiberglass cap on the rear as well
you'll like that because it keeps the
water out crown roof roof rack ladder
even has the trailer hitch in the back
we go up to the front side and inside
there it is
34 I said W it's 34 5 M take that back
three step entry there's that big
slide-out with all the windows all the
light it lets in here this is a rear
kitchen model ok what's that's gonna
give you us a lot more counter space
than traditional floor plans all the
space here for preparing meals dual
basin sink household sink household
faucet microwave oven
lots of pantry storage and just look at
all the storage overhead you have a
Dometic refrigerator/freezer and it's an
oversized one bigger than the average
one and like that keep all your
groceries in there two sofas an
entertainment system built right in
complete with TV and looks like we have
am/fm dual cassette players speakers we
go up to the front the bedroom here the
first thing you can counter glass shower
on the left
and it's a single-piece shower that's
not gonna leak there's no scene the
vanity look at that size you'd find in a
residence queen-size bed and it's
incorporated the headboard is right into
the slide-out they're dual mirrored
closet doors and plenty of room to hang
all your clothes there's even a rack
building on the side there's a built-in
writing desk right here plenty of room
to put a chair in and drawers or either
clothing or your stationery overhead
cabinets with spring-loaded hitches or
hinges rather you have lugar doors here
kind of nice effect but it's all ready
for washer/dryer or use it as a closets
got the hang of God right in there we've
got two standalone water closet here
that's a kind of power exhaust vent a
linen closet and course your toilet
there
it's a 1997 westport by a VR right here
gives RV superstore in Coos Bay one
eight hundred eight two four four three
eight eight give us a call today
remember we take trades we finance and
we can even help with delivery wherever
you might live so give us a call gibson
coos bay